---
title: "2023-09-19"
tags:
- blog
---
8:15pm -07:00 (1695179724142)
Used `Create Shortcut…` in Chrome to make a separate Libby app
So I had a Google Chrome Web Apps app. But the picture was generic, rather than using the website/app's icon.
Just updated Libby's icon. How? Simple.
1. Didn't like the generic L that showed up.
2. Went to the app file
3. Figured the icon would be inside the app info
4. Right clicked -> Show package contents
5. Resources -> there's that icon, called `app.icns`
6. Downloaded the proper file from Libby's official webpage (overdrive.com)
7. Then needed to convert the PNG to ICNS
	1. Image Resizer (apparently you can't convert without resizing the image to be a square, and typical sizes are 512x512) — resize the image to prepare to convert
	2. Cloud Convert — convert PNG to ICNS
8. Rename the converted file to `app.icns`
9. Replace the `app.icns` file containing the generic icon with the icon that you just created
10. Restart computer.
11. Done!

> [!error] You run into an error if you try to convert without resizing first

2023-09-19 22:22 pm
Or, for an even more robust (and faster) version that doesn't require conversions, you can just do the following, after downloading the image:

You can change the icon of a program on macOS by following these steps:

1. Find the program whose icon you want to change in the Finder application (usually located in the Applications folder).
2. Click once on the program to select it.
3. Press `Cmd + i` on the keyboard or right-click (or Ctrl-click) on the program and choose "Get Info" from the context menu. This will open the "Info" window for the selected program.
4. Find the image file you want to use as the new icon. You may want to use an image with .icns extension or create your own icon using an image editor.
5. Click once on the image file to select it.
6. Press `Cmd + c` on the keyboard or right-click (or Ctrl-click) on the image file and choose "Copy" from the context menu to copy the image.
7. Go back to the "Info" window of the program. You will see the current icon in the top-left corner of this window.
8. Click once on the current icon, it will be highlighted with a blue outline.
9. Press `Cmd + v` on the keyboard or right-click (or Ctrl-click) on the selected icon and choose "Paste"