> But some bugs in the tax code are also vulnerabilities. For example, there was a corporate tax trick called the “Double Irish with a Dutch Sandwich.” It’s a vulnerability that arose from the interactions of tax laws in multiple countries, finally patched by the Irish. Here’s how it worked: The US company transfers assets to an Irish subsidiary. That subsidiary charges the US company huge royalties from sales to US customers. This dramatically lowers the company’s US taxes, and Irish taxes on royalties are designed to be low. Then, using a loophole in Irish tax law, the company can shift the profits to entities in tax havens like Bermuda, Belize, Mauritius, or the Cayman Islands—to ensure that these profits remain untaxed. Next, add a second Irish company, this time for sales to European customers, also taxed at a low rate. Finally, use another vulnerability, this one involving a Dutch intermediary company, to transfer the profits back to the first Irish company and on to the offshore tax haven. Tech companies are particularly well-suited to exploit this vulnerability; they can assign intellectual property rights to subsidiary companies abroad, who then transfer cash assets to tax havens. That’s how companies like Google and Apple have avoided paying their fair share of US taxes despite being US companies. It’s definitely an unintended and unanticipated use of the tax laws in three countries, although Ireland purposely pursued lax tax rules in order to attract American companies. And it can be very profitable for the hackers. Estimates are that US companies avoided paying nearly $200 billion in US taxes in 2017 alone, at the expense of everyone else.