---
title: 2024-02-11
tags:
  - blog
---
For publication Sunday, February 11, 2024.
Note: Gemini Advanced (Gemini Ultra 1.0) thinks the post is emotionally charged. It also accuses the post of being inaccurate, until you tell it to check recent news, at which point it confirms the accuracy. Maybe best to edit it before posting.
Update 2/11/24: Not updating. I will publish this post as-is. It took me half an hour to write, and I spent another half-hour to debug it with Gemini. I will *not* be accepting the changes. They change the content too much. *However*, given Google's objections, I will publish this to people who read my blog instead of to my LinkedIn profile.
If you'd like to subscribe to a mailing list, please fill in your name and email [here]() to be added.

Modern news is depressing (some thoughts as well):


Prepare for a swift, albeit modest decline in stock and bond prices as the cost of acquiring capital increases evermore for companies that produce generics in India, in case this opposition win in Pakistan begins to spread to India, initiating phase 3 of what's more and more quickly devolving towards WW3. If this does occur, we also need to do something about it before lives are lost. Money matters far less than human lives.


First, the Ukraine front.
- US borders flew open and war heroes became war criminals as Satanism was adopted as an official religion with government protections. A man was recently charged with a misdemeanor for defacing a statue of Baphomet placed in the Des Moines Capitol beside an altar.


Then, the Middle Eastern front.
- UNRWA denied in January that its workers (who it turns out were posting official UN documents, including salaries and IDs) were in the group praising the October 7 (Simchat Torah) attack, and is now beginning to officially deny knowledge that Hamas built a server room underneath its building to help facilitate the attacks.


Potentially, the Kashmir front.


And, let's hope it doesn't turn into the Taiwan Strait front.
- This would indicate China's direct, explicit involvement in the war. China has never, to my knowledge, participated in a global war against the West before, with the notable exception of asserting dominance during the height of Cold War tensions preferring to remain anonymous through the imposition of declining-quality goods and government-sanctioned computerized attacks.