---
title: 2024-09-11 my thoughts in september
tags:
  - blog
  - article
---
Holy cow, it's already September 2024. It should still be 2019, pre-Covid. Anyway...

This is what most people want: #blog
She wants to be “free,” and she thinks that religion constrains her. What does she want to be free to do? Work within a corporate system and pay money into a legal system based on rules made up by people she’s never met and likely doesn’t want to ever meet. She wants to feel as though she is free, living inside someone’s corporate maze. As long as she *feels* free, that must mean she *is* free.

“As long as he loves me, we can get through anything, and we won’t have any disagreements,” she thinks to herself.

She doesn’t want to think about how her freedom was designed. She loves the Russian language, but that doesn’t mean she understood Russian culture.[^1] It’s true that men have been the thinkers in society for millennia. I still think women are the future, but their thinking eludes me and helps lead to assimilation. Assimilation generally leads to antisemitism, which leads to the expulsion of Jews. Those who decided they weren’t Jewish tend to stay. “Then they came for me – there was no one left to speak for me.” They still get caught, or their children or grandchildren do; they just get caught later, once there’s no escape. They only realize it in their late adult years; the lucky ones never realize it at all.

> [!warning] At this point, the post loses focus. Something to be mindful of if you read on.

Of course, it’s unfortunate that I’m not making a six-figure salary. And it’s unfortunate that my life has been dictated so much by money I couldn’t do what I wanted to do simply due to (possibly imaginary) financial constraints. The pressure society puts on young men causes many of them to crack, especially in light of injustices that they see wherein many less educated and less disciplined are considered less fortunate and therefore provided equal outcomes in an attempt to offset their adolescent lack of resources (since you can't really offset the lack of early-age mental resources by providing those same resources at a later age—as people simply don't have the time or mental capacity to deal with them once they get older), itself necessarily not a truly equal effort[?], because it immediately creates the question of whom you’re going to match. Some work and notice others were placed before them for a myriad of reasons, from alphabetical order to race to gender [if these are simply social constructs, then why are they used for any sort of scoring?] to networking. Personally, I find it difficult to specialize, being a generalist myself. I don’t blame anyone but myself. But others do have reasons to believe society has failed them.

Small rant about men aside, this post was about the modern woman. I appear to have gotten derailed. So I might tell about a prank a young man did, where he asked college girls to abolish women’s suffrage. He got a whole list of them who agreed. It might be important to note that this was at a Texas State college, or it might not. The best part was the group of girls at the end of his video who refused, because they didn’t want to vote. Aside from the comedic value, this also provides a commentary on the ability of long sequences of words to confuse people. So be careful what you read. As they say, “you are what you ~~eat~~,” nay, consume. You are what you consume.

A thought I heard recently that may have framed a lot of this post, is how much our views when we “make our own decisions” are not just influenced but determined by what we see, read, hear, and are told by teachers. This is why it’s important to have access to books and differing viewpoints. It’s also why it’s important to have unbiased curators. Unfortunately, unbiased curators no longer exist. For they can only exist where funding no longer matters, but funding no longer matters only in places that have successfully reached unlimited funding goals. This leaves only tech hubs, which have a bias for "e/acc," companies that require the employee to already have the requisite specialized knowledge they need (which is the reason they are hiring and paying this employee in the first place), and academic/financial think tanks and centers, which have a bias towards STEM textbooks. 

And I want to add a quick note on how much my thoughts have been influenced by societal effects on those around me. I see the huge negative impact a lack of exercise had on my father’s health and nerves. I don’t want to repeat that mistake, and I don’t want anyone else to. Other people I talk to and papers I read all indicate that the two biggest indicators of contentment or issues in life are health. Oh wait, that’s one indicator. Well, the single biggest indicator of happiness or issues in life is health.

This is why I’d like to dedicate my life to building an all-in-one health tool to help people keep control of their own health data and understand the records and extract insights.

[^1]: And before I forget, by this I mean that she resembles a frog put in a pot on a low flame. The modern woman doesn't realize that she's being boiled alive. J.K. Rowling finally spoke up once she saw naked men shaving in women's locker rooms where women are trying to change. Even if one was raised with parents who lived through the Soviet Union. The ideal of freedom of thought was impressed upon the modern woman more than the critical thinking that must necessarily precede it. And they generally don’t recognize socialism as it creeps up on them. Unless explained by others, they miss the influence of foreign interference.